Adds SPIRE-Vault OIDC tutorial (#27)
spiffe/spire-tutorials: k8s/oidc-vault/README.md

# Using SPIRE and OIDC to authenticate workloads to retrieve Vault secrets

> This tutorial builds on the [Kubernetes Quickstart](https://spiffe.io/spire/try/getting-started-k8s/) guide to describe how a SPIRE identified workload can, using a JWT-SVID, authenticate to an HashiCorp Vault server, assume an identity, and retrieve secrets. This avoids the need to spread Vault credentials.

Author: how about:
`This tutorial builds on the "Kubernetes Quickstart" guide to describe how to set up OIDC Federation between a SPIRE Server and a Vault Server. This will allow a SPIRE-identified workload to retrieve secrets from the Vault Server by presenting no more than its JWT-SVID. Using this technique the workload won't need to authenticate itself against the Vault Server using auth methods like AppRole or Username & Password.`

> This tutorial builds on the [Kubernetes Quickstart](https://spiffe.io/spire/try/getting-started-k8s/) guide to describe how a SPIRE identified workload can, using a JWT-SVID, authenticate to an HashiCorp Vault server, assume an identity, and retrieve secrets. This avoids the need to spread Vault credentials.

Reviewer: Better! That clarifies it. I have a few tweaks. The official Vault docs don't seem to capitalize server in "Vault server". 
```
This tutorial builds on the "Kubernetes Quickstart" guide to describe how to set up OIDC Federation between a SPIRE Server and a Vault server. This will allow a SPIRE-identified workload to retrieve secrets from the Vault server by presenting no more than its JWT-SVID. Using this technique the workload won't need to authenticate itself against the Vault server using authentication methods like AppRole or Username & Password.
```

> This tutorial builds on the [Kubernetes Quickstart](https://spiffe.io/spire/try/getting-started-k8s/) guide to describe how a SPIRE identified workload can, using a JWT-SVID, authenticate to an HashiCorp Vault server, assume an identity, and retrieve secrets. This avoids the need to spread Vault credentials.

Author: got it, I recently pushed a commit capitalizing every single "Vault Server" in this document, I'll revert these changes.

> This tutorial builds on the [Kubernetes Quickstart](https://spiffe.io/spire/try/getting-started-k8s/) guide to describe how a SPIRE identified workload can, using a JWT-SVID, authenticate to an HashiCorp Vault server, assume an identity, and retrieve secrets. This avoids the need to spread Vault credentials.

Reviewer: Bummer, sorry about that

> This tutorial builds on the [Kubernetes Quickstart](https://spiffe.io/spire/try/getting-started-k8s/) guide to describe how a SPIRE identified workload can, using a JWT-SVID, authenticate to an HashiCorp Vault server, assume an identity, and retrieve secrets. This avoids the need to spread Vault credentials.

Author: Tweaked this a little bit to make it clear that you need to authenticate using the JWT-SVID:
```
This tutorial builds on the [Kubernetes Quickstart](https://spiffe.io/spire/try/getting-started-k8s/) guide to describe how to set up OIDC Federation between a SPIRE Server and a Vault server. This will allow a SPIRE-identified workload to authenticate against a federated Vault server by presenting no more than its JWT-SVID. Using this technique the workload won't need to authenticate itself against the Vault server using another authentication method like AppRole or Username & Password.
```

## Retrieve the IP Address of the SPIRE OIDC Discovery Provider

Run the following command to retrieve the external IP address of the `spire-oidc` service. The `spire-oidc` Discovery Provider service must provide an external IP address for Vault to access the OIDC Discovery document provided by `spire-oidc`.

```console
$ kubectl get service -n spire spire-oidc

NAME           TYPE           CLUSTER-IP    EXTERNAL-IP    PORT(S)          AGE
spire-oidc     LoadBalancer   10.12.0.18    34.82.139.13   443:30198/TCP    108s
```

## Configure an A Record for the OIDC Discovery Document Endpoint

Using your preferred DNS tool, put the `MY_DISCOVERY_DOMAIN` domain and the `spire-oidc` external IP address in a new DNS A record. The A record should take the following form:

```console
MY_DISCOVERY_DOMAIN          A        EXTERNAL-IP for spire-oidc service
```

For example:
```console

> oidc-discovery.example.org   A        93.184.216.34

Author: you're right, good catch!

```

> Note: Do not use the `oidc-discovery.example.org` domain or IP address shown above.

Author: mm not sure about this, the AWS tutorial does live in the spiffe.io repo and it's only intended to be used in the spiffe.io website, but this tutorial might be consumed directly from github, and the github's markdown renderer doesn't know how to render Hugo's shortcodes. I would suggest to keep it at it is

1. Use `nslookup` to display the DNS information for the domain you configured in the A record:

   ```console
   $ nslookup oidc-discovery.example.org
   Server:        203.0.113.0
   Address:	      203.0.113.0#53

   Non-authoritative answer:
   Name:	oidc-discovery.example.org
   Address: 93.184.216.34
   ```

   The `Address:` field at the bottom should correspond to the IP address in the A record.

2. In your browser, navigate to `https://MY_DISCOVERY_DOMAIN/.well-known/openid-configuration`. You should see a JSON output similar to the following:

   ```json
   {
     "issuer": "https://oidc-discovery.example.org",
     "jwks_uri": "https://oidc-discovery.example.org/keys",
     "authorization_endpoint": "",
     "response_types_supported": [
       "id_token"
     ],
     "subject_types_supported": [],
     "id_token_signing_alg_values_supported": [
       "RS256",
       "ES256",
       "ES384"
     ]
   }
   ```

> # Part 3: Configure Vault server

Reviewer: FYI, since it's a title, Vault Server should be capitalized here.

After configuring an A Record for the OIDC discovery document endpoint, continue with configuring the Vault server.

> 

Author: how about this..?
```
## Install Vault

Before proceding you need to make sure that you have installed HashiCorp Vault in your local computer and that it is in your system `PATH`. You can verify this by typing `vault version` in a terminal window, which outputs the Vault version if it is already installed, or a _command not found_ error otherwise.

In case that the command fails you need to install Vault. There are a few install methods depending on your operating system, like packages for some Linux flavors, Homebrew (for macOS) and Chocolatey (for Windows). You can also [download a precompiled binary](https://www.vaultproject.io/downloads) for your operating system.

For a complete list of installation instructions, see the [Install Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/install) section in the documentation site, or the [Getting Started - Install Vault](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/getting-started-install) guide.
```

> 

Reviewer: Looks good, thanks! I've edited it a little:

```
## Install Vault

Before proceeding, ensure that you have installed HashiCorp Vault on your local computer and that the location of the `vault` executable is in your system `PATH`. You can verify that Vault is installed by typing `vault version` in a terminal window, which outputs the Vault version if it is already installed, or a _command not found_ error otherwise.

If the command fails you need to install Vault. There are a few install methods depending on your operating system, like packages for some Linux flavors, Homebrew (for macOS) and Chocolatey (for Windows). You can also [download a precompiled binary](https://www.vaultproject.io/downloads) for your operating system.

For a complete list of installation instructions, see the [Install Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/install) section in the documentation site, or the [Getting Started - Install Vault](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/getting-started-install) guide.
```

## Create the config file and run the Vault server

First, let's create a simple config file for our local Vault server.

1. Create a file on your local computer called `config.hcl` (you can find the file [here](./vault/config.hcl)). Here we define that the vault server will listen on our local interface 127.0.0.1 port 8200. We'll disable TLS for simplicity (don't do this on production) and set a default `file` backend 

   ``` console
   listener "tcp" {
      address     = "127.0.0.1:8200",
      tls_disable = 1
   }

   storage "file" {
      path = "vault-storage"
   }
   ```

2. In the same directory, run:

   ```console
   $ vault server -config config.hcl
   ```

3. Check that your Vault server has started correctly and has no errors, you may see some warnings.

   ```console
   ==> Vault server started! Log data will stream in below:
   ```

> ## Initialize and unseal the vault

Reviewer: Oops, the sentence I added was a joke meant for you. The title "Unseal the Vault" reminded me of Indiana Jones. It would be fun to leave it in but would probably confuse a lot of people.

> ## Initialize and unseal the vault

Author: Ha! I was about to ask you about this and thought it would be fun to leave it there 😃 but yeah you're right, it would confuse people. I'll delete this and save the Indiana Jones stories for a future SPIRE-TempleOfDoom integration tutorial

   When we run the command we are prompted for one of our Unseal Keys.
   
   We need to repeat this process three times with three different keys.

   ```console
   $ vault operator unseal

   Unseal Key (will be hidden): <PASTE ONE OF YOUR KEYS HERE>
   
   Key                Value
   ---                -----
   Seal Type          shamir
   Initialized        true
   Sealed             true # <- this means the vault is still sealed
   Total Shares       5
   Threshold          3
   Unseal Progress    1/3 # <- this is how many keys you have entered
   Unseal Nonce       e1bf3fa2-0058-5703-e2dc-a5c45c1b7f9a
   Version            1.3.4
   HA Enabled         false
   ```
   Note that here we see a key `Sealed` that tells us that the vault has not been unsealed yet, and a key `Unseal Progress` that says how many correct Unseal Keys we have entered
   
   Once we entered three different correct keys we have successfully unsealed the vault and the key `Seal` must be `false`
   
   ```console
   Sealed          false
   ```

### Enable secrets engine and store a test secret

> Using our root access via the CLI (the Initial Root Key in `VAULT_TOKEN`) we are going to enable the `kv` (key-value) secrets engine and store a secret that we are going to retrieve later using our SPIRE-enabled login.

Author: yeah, that sounds much better 👍

1. Given that we are probably in a different terminal window, let's set the `VAULT_ADDR` again, and the `VAULT_TOKEN` with the Initial Root Key.

   ```console
   $ export VAULT_ADDR=http://127.0.0.1:8200
   $ export VAULT_TOKEN="s.PFuCtYgzjh6mRAfAVjfsGv3O"
   ```

2. Enable the `kv` (key-value) secrets engine on the `secret/` path

   ```console
   $ vault secrets enable -path=secret kv
   ```

> 3. Put a secret in the new path, this is what we are going to retrieve using our SPIRE-enabled identity.

Author: I tweaked this a little bit:
`Since we've specified a key-value Vault secret engine, we'll store a key-value pair in Vault.`

1. Enable the JWT authentication method

   ```console
   $ vault auth enable jwt
   ```

2. Set up our OIDC Discovery URL

   ```console
   $ vault write auth/jwt/config oidc_discovery_url=https://spire-vault-oidc.skitalee.org default_role=“dev”
   ```

3. Define a policy `my-dev-policy` that will be assigned to a `dev` role that we'll create in the next step.

   Create a policy file called `vault-policy.hcl` with the following content (you can find the file [here](./vault/vault-policy.hcl)):

   ```console
   path "secret/my-super-secret" {
      capabilities = ["read"]
   }
   ```

   and create the policy

   ```console
   $ vault policy write my-dev-policy vault-policy.hcl
   ```

3. Create a role `dev`, binding the subject and audience that will be in the JWT, and configuring the `sub` claim that will be used to identify the user. Also set up a 24 hours TTL for testing purposes and a policy `my-dev-policy` that will be assigned to the tokens.

   ```console
   $ vault write auth/jwt/role/dev role_type=jwt user_claim=sub bound_audiences=TESTING bound_subject=spiffe://example.org/ns/default/sa/default token_ttl=24h token_policies=my-dev-policy
   ```

> ## Get Vault credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get Vault Credentials
```

> Now we are going to get an access token to use with Vault, through SPIRE Federation using our client to get an identity.

Reviewer: This might be simpler for beginning users if we split this into two sentences.

```suggestion
Now we are going to get an access token to use with Vault. We'll use a sample client workload to get an identity using the SPIRE Federation feature.
```

### Get the JWT-SVID

>    1. First, let get the client pod name we created in the Kubernetes Getting Started Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. First, let's get the client pod name we created in the Kubernetes Getting Started Guide:
```

      ```console
      $ kubectl get pods
      ```
      output:
      ```
      NAME                      READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
      client-7c94755d97-mq8dl   1/1     Running   1          10d
      ```
   2. Get the JWT-SVID that identifies our client workload.
      ```console
      kubectl exec client-7c94755d97-mq8dl -- /opt/spire/bin/spire-agent api fetch jwt \
         -audience TESTING \
         -socketPath /run/spire/sockets/agent.sock
      ```

>    3. Get the JWT piece of the response, under `token(spiffe://example.org/ns/default/sa/default)`. Something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Copy the JWT from the response into your clipboard. You'll find the JWT under `token(spiffe://example.org/ns/default/sa/default)`. It looks something like this:
```

      ```console
      eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsImtpZCI6IjQ0c0R2cW9kRHRUUmVqR1pTMmZ4c2RUdTNuc3FmTzl6IiwidHlwIjoiSldUIn0.eyJhdWQiOlsiVEVTVElORyJdLCJleHAiOjE1ODgwOTIyODgsImlhdCI6MTU4ODA5MTk4OCwiaXNzIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9zcGlyZS12YXVsdC1vaWRjLnNraXRhbGVlLm9yZyIsInN1YiI6InNwaWZmZTovL2V4YW1wbGUub3JnL25zL2RlZmF1bHQvc2EvZGVmYXVsdCJ9.Me8U9qE6yyd5mezSiMcPgwoJm2ihQZXTL-0ClAJyssg9yhCx1D4Gea3_n4pFjp86RfLiUSsGzyjBL4r0FRA6_0grJFnLdret2ynni6zZyYw6s0k38vsJIZ4rZNfY09IanQ1Ak_GW1yHVOtzRqd3vr8GgrtXzHzsWfl5YgzhWozJUYVIj1eN91aftJ-Iuvo2KYcxu1QgrIhP8Ec_6m2Kg06oRsKCb0a6C4J78wW-lXd5orDvrO2wAksmUjBwtxFA6EggtVVSKE85EG7gUgPT1xU7B2rggXC1RKUgxXqpFWHk-7qbFdk7enurxsSSGqvVSIW7KK0sYTcw5GeKze0iggQ
      ```

### Authenticate to Vault Server

>    1. Create a file called `payload.json` with your JWT from the previous step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Create a file called `payload.json` with your JWT from the previous step:
```

      ```console

>       {"role": "dev","jwt": "<PASE_YOUR_JWT_TOKEN_HERE>"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      {"role": "dev","jwt": "<PASTE_YOUR_JWT_TOKEN_HERE>"}
```

      ```

>    2. Authenticate against the Vault server using the payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Authenticate against the Vault server using the payload:
```

      ```console
      $ curl --request POST --data @payload.json http://localhost:8200/v1/auth/jwt/login
      ```

>    3. Under `auth`, grab your `client_token` from the response, this is how we are going to identify ourselves against the Vault REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Under `auth`, grab your `client_token` from the response (for example, save it in your clipboard). This is how we are going to identify ourselves against the Vault REST API.
```

>    Note that we have defined `my-dev-policy` we created before. This will allows us to read our secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In the output, notice the `my-dev-policy` that we specified in Vault before. This allows us to read our secret.
```

      ```json
      {
         "request_id": "78bc2546-8e3f-900e-ac32-ae590870ea67",
         "lease_id": "",
         "renewable": false,
         "lease_duration": 0,
         "data": null,
         "wrap_info": null,
         "warnings": null,
         "auth": {
            "client_token": "s.lQ3KIYjUnFwCJkUnOKKF8kxn", # <- your token
            "accessor": "ZdVaNVQDcOL15FNSjyWogwiX",
            "policies": [
                  "default",
                  "my-dev-policy"  # <- role policy we created
            ],
            "token_policies": [
                  "default",
                  "my-dev-policy"
            ],
            "metadata": {
                  "role": "dev"
            },
            "lease_duration": 86400,
            "renewable": true,
            "entity_id": "5e467f7c-7270-6e2d-2929-e76b9d2b5b32",
            "token_type": "service",
            "orphan": true
         }
      }
      ```

## Part 4: Test the access to the secret

Let's test our new client token and try to get the secret we created before.

1. Get the secret using our `client_token` from the previous step.
   ```console
   $ curl \

>         -H "X-Vault-Token: s.lQ3KIYjUnFwCJkUnOKKF8kxn" \

Reviewer: Ok? 

If it makes more sense to show the literal value, that can be added as an additional "for example" line.

```suggestion
        -H "X-Vault-Token: <PASTE_YOUR_client_token_HERE>" \
```

        http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/secret/my-super-secret
   ```
   outputs
   ```json
   {
      "request_id": "1a10d3f7-e3b4-2c05-48c5-94a04f3758bc",
      "lease_id": "",
      "renewable": false,
      "lease_duration": 2764800,
      "data": {         

>          "test": "123"      # <- here's our secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         "test": "123"      # <- here's our secret key-value pair
```

      },
      "wrap_info": null,
      "warnings": null,
      "auth": null
   }   
   ```

# Cleanup

When you are finished running this tutorial, you can use the following commands to remove the SPIRE setup for Vault OIDC Authentication.

## Kubernetes Cleanup

Keep in mind that these commands will also remove the setup that you configured in the [Kubernetes Quickstart](https://spiffe.io/spire/try/getting-started-k8s/).

1. Delete the workload container:

   ```console
   $ kubectl delete deployment client
   ```

> 2. Delete all deployments and configurations for the agent, server, and namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Delete all deployments and configurations for the SPIRE Agent, Server, and namespace:
```

   Address: 93.184.216.34
   ```

   The `Address:` field at the bottom should correspond to the IP address in the A record.

2. In your browser, navigate to `https://MY_DISCOVERY_DOMAIN/.well-known/openid-configuration`. You should see a JSON output similar to the following:

   ```json
   {
     "issuer": "https://oidc-discovery.example.org",
     "jwks_uri": "https://oidc-discovery.example.org/keys",
     "authorization_endpoint": "",
     "response_types_supported": [
       "id_token"
     ],
     "subject_types_supported": [],
     "id_token_signing_alg_values_supported": [
       "RS256",
       "ES256",
       "ES384"
     ]
   }
   ```

# Part 3: Install and Configure the Vault Server

After configuring an A Record for the OIDC Discovery document endpoint, continue with configuring the Vault server.

## Install Vault

Before proceeding, ensure that you have installed HashiCorp Vault on your local computer and that the location of the `vault` executable is in your system `PATH`. You can verify that Vault is installed by typing `vault version` in a terminal window, which outputs the Vault version if it is already installed, or a _command not found_ error otherwise.

> If the command fails you need to install Vault. There are a few install methods depending on your operating system, like packages for some Linux flavors, Homebrew (for macOS) and Chocolatey (for Windows). You can also [download a precompiled binary](https://www.vaultproject.io/downloads) for your operating system.

Author: not sure if this is what you mean:

```markdown
Before proceeding, ensure that you have installed HashiCorp Vault on your local computer and that the location of the `vault` executable is in your system `PATH`. You can verify that Vault is installed by typing `vault version` in a terminal window, which outputs the Vault version if it is already installed, or a _command not found_ error otherwise.

If the command fails, you need to install Vault. There are a few install methods depending on your operating system, like packages for some Linux flavors, Homebrew (for macOS), and Chocolatey (for Windows). You can also [download a precompiled binary](https://www.vaultproject.io/downloads) for your operating system. For a complete list of installation instructions, see the [Install Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/install) section in the documentation site, or the [Getting Started - Install Vault](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/getting-started-install) guide.
 
Use a new Vault installation for this tutorial. An existing Vault installation may have configuration settings that conflict with this tutorial. 
```

I concatenated the two paragraphs and added the third one, but it feels like the later should be in the second paragraph too.

> If the command fails you need to install Vault. There are a few install methods depending on your operating system, like packages for some Linux flavors, Homebrew (for macOS) and Chocolatey (for Windows). You can also [download a precompiled binary](https://www.vaultproject.io/downloads) for your operating system.

Reviewer: Hmm, yeah, this is all Vault installation info. Having one big paragraph instead of three makes it look like a textbook instead of easily digestible info. So we need some logical division of these groups of sentences. I do think the fresh install info is slightly different enough to be on its own. I edited the main install info so it fits into one paragraph. Here's a new version with everything:

-----
Ensure that HashiCorp Vault is installed on your local computer and that the location of the `vault` executable is in your system `PATH`. Verify that Vault is installed by typing `vault version` in a terminal window. The output indicates Vault version if it is installed, or a _command not found_ error otherwise, in which case you need to install Vault. Packages are available for some Linux flavors, MacOS (via Homebrew) and Windows (via Chocolatey). Alternatively, you can [download a precompiled binary](https://www.vaultproject.io/downloads) for your operating system. For complete installation instructions, see the [Install Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/install) or the [Getting Started - Install Vault](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/getting-started-install).
 
Use a new Vault installation for this tutorial. An existing Vault installation may have configuration settings that conflict with this tutorial.

> If the command fails you need to install Vault. There are a few install methods depending on your operating system, like packages for some Linux flavors, Homebrew (for macOS) and Chocolatey (for Windows). You can also [download a precompiled binary](https://www.vaultproject.io/downloads) for your operating system.

Author: you rocks 🚀

> 

Author: sure, it makes sense

      path = "vault-storage"
   }
   ```

2. In the same directory, run:

   ```console
   $ vault server -config config.hcl
   ```

3. Check that your Vault server has started correctly and has no errors. It is typical to see some warning messages. The following message indicates that the Vault server has started:

   ```console
   ==> Vault server started! Log data will stream in below:
   ```

## Initialize and Unseal the Vault

Before authenticating and using our Vault server we need to initialize and unseal it.

1. Set the `VAULT_ADDR` environment variable. This tells the Vault CLI where it needs to talk to:

   ```console
   $ export VAULT_ADDR=http://127.0.0.1:8200
   ```

1. Initialize Vault:

   ```console
   $ vault operator init
   ```
   This outputs something like this:
   ```console
   ...
   Unseal Key 1: VI0/4yK8H/tHC625aDYaf62+Jmo5qqlizn5bVmsbY0j0
   Unseal Key 2: UINTf0oPzpiMIhOU3CNzFpo6Pkun36hGKPlcbQUkl1qT
   Unseal Key 3: SYO0yTfCn5IkoQ5f/JzE98yQI8Nfiv51gjXZMamyjXn/
   Unseal Key 4: 90vXLQJqba32VpBxYr4jB9gRVu6gRC/uWt812oF44zzP
   Unseal Key 5: 2eBBVUC63DOPqNKn4WPoxci4VOfchA7tOr3LTqHtS5FC

   Initial Root Token: s.PFuCtYgzjh6mRAfAVjfsGv3O
   ...
   ```

>    Take note of the Unseal Keys and the Initial Root Key.

Author: phew, good catch, it's Token all the way

   ```console
   $ vault secrets enable -path=secret kv
   ```

3. Put a secret in the new path. This is what we are going to retrieve using our SPIRE-enabled identity. Since we've specified a key-value Vault secret engine, we'll store a key-value pair in Vault:

   ```console
   $ vault kv put secret/my-super-secret test=123
   ```

### Set up Vault OIDC Federation with SPIRE

In this section, we'll configure the Vault server to federate with our SPIRE Server that is running on a Kubernetes cluster.

1. Enable the JWT authentication method:

   ```console
   $ vault auth enable jwt
   ```

2. Set up our OIDC Discovery URL, using the DNS A Record we defined in a previous section:

   ```console
   $ vault write auth/jwt/config oidc_discovery_url=https://oidc-discovery.example.org default_role=“dev”
   ```

3. Define a policy `my-dev-policy` that will be assigned to a `dev` role that we'll create in the next step:

   Create a policy file called `vault-policy.hcl` with the following content (you can find the file [here](./vault/vault-policy.hcl)):

   ```console
   path "secret/my-super-secret" {
      capabilities = ["read"]
   }
   ```

>    and create the policy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and load the policy into Vault:
```

      ```

   2. Get the JWT-SVID that identifies our client workload:

      ```console
      kubectl exec client-7c94755d97-mq8dl -- /opt/spire/bin/spire-agent api fetch jwt \
         -audience TESTING \
         -socketPath /run/spire/sockets/agent.sock
      ```

   3. Copy the JWT from the response into your clipboard. You'll find the JWT under `token(spiffe://example.org/ns/default/sa/default)`. It looks something like this:

      ```console
      eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsImtpZCI6IjQ0c0R2cW9kRHRUUmVqR1pTMmZ4c2RUdTNuc3FmTzl6IiwidHlwIjoiSldUIn0.eyJhdWQiOlsiVEVTVElORyJdLCJleHAiOjE1ODgwOTIyODgsImlhdCI6MTU4ODA5MTk4OCwiaXNzIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9zcGlyZS12YXVsdC1vaWRjLnNraXRhbGVlLm9yZyIsInN1YiI6InNwaWZmZTovL2V4YW1wbGUub3JnL25zL2RlZmF1bHQvc2EvZGVmYXVsdCJ9.Me8U9qE6yyd5mezSiMcPgwoJm2ihQZXTL-0ClAJyssg9yhCx1D4Gea3_n4pFjp86RfLiUSsGzyjBL4r0FRA6_0grJFnLdret2ynni6zZyYw6s0k38vsJIZ4rZNfY09IanQ1Ak_GW1yHVOtzRqd3vr8GgrtXzHzsWfl5YgzhWozJUYVIj1eN91aftJ-Iuvo2KYcxu1QgrIhP8Ec_6m2Kg06oRsKCb0a6C4J78wW-lXd5orDvrO2wAksmUjBwtxFA6EggtVVSKE85EG7gUgPT1xU7B2rggXC1RKUgxXqpFWHk-7qbFdk7enurxsSSGqvVSIW7KK0sYTcw5GeKze0iggQ
      ```

### Authenticate to Vault Server

>    1. Create a file called `payload.json` with your JWT from the previous step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Create a file somewhere in your home directory called `payload.json` that contains the line below. Paste your JWT from the previous step in the location indicated, omitting the angle brackets:
```

      ```console
      {"role": "dev","jwt": "<PASTE_YOUR_JWT_TOKEN_HERE>"}
      ```

>    2. Authenticate against the Vault server using the payload:

Reviewer: Would it be more specific to say "Vault REST API" instead of "Vault server"? Or maybe "Vault server REST API"?(Same question for my comment in part 4.) If it's unnecessary, we can leave it as is.

         "lease_id": "",
         "renewable": false,
         "lease_duration": 0,
         "data": null,
         "wrap_info": null,
         "warnings": null,
         "auth": {
            "client_token": "s.lQ3KIYjUnFwCJkUnOKKF8kxn", # <- your token
            "accessor": "ZdVaNVQDcOL15FNSjyWogwiX",
            "policies": [
                  "default",
                  "my-dev-policy"  # <- the role policy we created
            ],
            "token_policies": [
                  "default",
                  "my-dev-policy"
            ],
            "metadata": {
                  "role": "dev"
            },
            "lease_duration": 86400,
            "renewable": true,
            "entity_id": "5e467f7c-7270-6e2d-2929-e76b9d2b5b32",
            "token_type": "service",
            "orphan": true
         }
      }
      ```

## Part 4: Test the Access to the Secret

Let's test our new client token and try to get the secret we created before.

1. Get the secret using our `client_token` from the previous step:

   ```console
   $ curl \
        -H "X-Vault-Token: <PASTE_YOUR_client_token_HERE>" \
        http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/secret/my-super-secret
   ```

>    outputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The `curl` command queries the Vault REST API using client token to authenticate. The Vault REST API returns the following JSON output, which includes the secret key-value pair that we stored in Vault earlier:
```
